Mobility | Mobile Phone Plans and the Latest Smartphones | Bell Canada Skip to main content Personal Business Small and Medium1 to 99 employees Large100+ employees Bell for Better Find a store Find a store Book an appointment Find a store Enter your address or postal code Filter store by In-store appointments Mobile devices for business + consumer Residential: Internet + TV + Phone Business: Internet + TV + Phone Mobile repairs Fibe TV live demo Bell Trade-in program Chinese Support華語服務 Hindi | Punjabi Support Find stores Accessibility Select province Ontario ON Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland And Labrador Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon FR Home Mobility Log in / Register Back Cart Mobility SHOP MOBILITY Why Bell Mobility Our network Plans Phones and devices Connected things Internet SHOP INTERNET Why Fibe Internet Fibe Internet packages Wi-Fi Rural Internet Promotions TV SHOP TV Why Fibe TV Fibe TV packages Fibe TV app Satellite TV What's on Promotions Smart Home SHOP SMART HOME Why Bell Smart Home Packages Devices Home phone SHOP HOME PHONE Packages Long distance Calling features Bundles SHOP BUNDLES Popular bundles Build your own Promotions Promotions Support Personal Business Small and Medium1 to 99 employees Large100+ employees Bell for Better Find a store Book an appointment Accessibility AB BC MB NB NL NT NS NU ON PE QC SK YT FR Select this button and then dictate your search. Successful results will be displayed on a new page. Your shopping cart is empty Log in / Register Mobility previous Why Bell Our network Devices Bring your own phone Plans Prepaid Accessories Connected things Promotions Travel next Dictate your search change selected close Your current region: Ontario Change current region Change Select your province or territory below Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland And Labrador Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon Your current region: Ontario change Select a region: Select your province or territory below Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland And Labrador Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon Mobility Get up to $885 off iPhone1 on Canada’s fastest 5G network.2 Bonus: get double the storage on us. Shop offers Exclusive offer for Bell TV, Internet, or Home phone customers Save up to $20/mo. on select rate plans.3 Available when you bring your own phone or get a new one. Connection Service Fee ($50) applies. 1 866 698-5256 ∇ Current as of May 5, 2022. Available with new activation when adding additional lines on eligible 2-year plans (excluding Business, Tablet and Mobile Internet plans). There must be a primary subscriber activated on the account with an eligible rate plan to receive a $20 per line discount. Primary line not eligible for additional line discount. Unlimited Ultimate Plans. Get tons of data at 5G speeds, Crave Mobile and more. Plus, save $20/mo. for each additional line.∇ Shop now ∇ Current as of May 5, 2022. Available with new activation when adding additional lines on eligible 2-year plans (excluding Business, Tablet and Mobile Internet plans). There must be a primary subscriber activated on the account with an eligible rate plan to receive a $20 per line discount. Primary line not eligible for additional line discount. Get 10 GB of data for just $55/mo. when you add a line.* Exclusive online offer: save $50 when you activate online.** Learn more * Price after $31/mo. credit. Credit applied for each additional subscriber added to a primary account. Primary line not eligible for the credit. Available on the Bell LTE network with a new activation on eligible plans on the same account (max 9 members) with a primary account holder. Beyond 10 GB, speeds are up to 512 Kbps. You can continue to use data at these reduced speeds until your next monthly bill period. Video streaming is available at a maximum 480p and mobile hotspots are excluded. Not compatible with Roam Better. ** Current as of April 5, 2022. Offer valid with an eligible 2-year plan. New activations only. Applicable to smartphones only; not eligible on tablets, Mobile Internet or IoT products. Bill credit is comprised of waived one-time Connection Service Fee ($50) as a separate credit by the 2nd or 3rd billing period. Additional one-time fees are subject to change over time. See bell.ca/onetimefees for details. Switch to Bell for awesome offers on plans and devices 5G plans with unlimited talk, text and tons of data starting from $50/mo. Get your plan Save $300 on iPad (10th generation).4 Learn more Online only Save $60 when you buy online.5 Get a new phone on an eligible 2-year plan, or bring your own. Shop phones Bring your own phone Why you should choose Bell Canada’s best network6 Affordable payment and plan options Awesome service - it's a top priority #1 Telecom brand in Canada Canada’s best network6 In comprehensive third-party testing, the Bell network outperformed all other national wireless carriers for combined data, voice, reliability and network coverage. Canada’s fastest network6 Compared to the next-largest national provider, Bell gives you download speeds that are 61% faster and 27% more LTE coverage across Canada.6 Building 5G right 5G phones are built for speed, and we’re building a 5G network that will optimize their capabilities, changing the way you live, work and play. Choose Bell, Canada’s fastest 5G network,7 for your 5G phone. Get the latest phones with easy payments and affordable plans: Bell SmartPay™ Get any phone for $0 down and 0% APR; pay it off over 24 months. Device Return Option Lower your monthly payments. Trade-in program Apply the trade-in value from your old phone towards your new one or receive an account credit. Unlimited Share plans Get unlimited data for the entire family on Canada’s best network. Awesome service - it's a top priority Investing in our customers In the last two years alone we've invested nearly $300 million to improve our processes and tools, and to ensure we're addressing customer feedback. Your voice matters to us, and we measure every customer interaction with the intent of making your experience even better. MyBell app Monitor data usage, check your upgrade eligibility, and even adjust your plan – just a few ways to manage your account on your own terms. Bell.ca tutorials Find a variety of tips and tricks for using your device. From resetting your voicemail password to setting up a Wi-Fi connection, our tutorials have you covered. Smart/Phone Care plan Opt for Bell’s comprehensive Smart/Phone Care plan when you buy your new smartphone or tablet and get additional warranty coverage and peace of mind. #1 Telecom brand in Canada We take great pride in being ranked the most valuable telecom brand in Canada. We are continuously working to optimize our network with one single goal in mind: providing Canadians with the absolute best, most advanced mobile experience. Join the millions of customers who have chosen us. Featured devices carousel You’ve reached the carousel’s tabs which are located at the end. To return to the carousel, press the SHIFT + TAB keys. To leave it, press the TAB key. Special offer Samsung Galaxy S24 From $10.00/mo. for 24 months $0.00 down 0% APR Taxes extra. Requires an eligible 2-year rate plan with Device Return Option Full details * Over 24 months on SmartPay vs. our device full price Our device full price: $1,360.00 SAVE $454.44 * iPhone 15 From $21.73/mo. for 24 months $0.00 down 0% APR Taxes extra. Requires an eligible 2-year rate plan with Device Return Option Full details * Over 24 months on SmartPay vs. our device full price Our device full price: $1,315.44 Special offer Google Pixel 8 From $10.05/mo. for 24 months $0.00 down 0% APR Taxes extra. Requires an eligible 2-year rate plan with Device Return Option Full details * Over 24 months on SmartPay vs. our device full price Our device full price: $1,108.00 Loading. Please wait... Save $20/mo. for every member you add to your account.8 The more family members you add, the more you save. Learn more On an eligible 2-year plan with Bell SmartPay™. Connection Service Fee ($60) applies. Trade in your old device and save. Get a credit up to $800 when you trade in your old phone.9 Learn more Sign up to hear about incredible offers you won’t want to miss – plus our latest products, services and more. Email address Submit By submitting, you agree to receive Bell emails, including information we think may be of interest to you about Bell’s products and services (and those of our marketing partners). You can unsubscribe and manage your marketing preferences at any time at email preferences. Loading data. Please wait... Thank you for registering to receive the latest Bell news and offers. Keep an eye on your inbox for upcoming deals, amazing offers and exciting updates. Details †Offers available to current Bell Advantages Members with select Bell consumer and small business services and an account in good standing. The Bell Advantages Program and offers are subject to cancellation or change without notice. Offers cannot be combined with any other offers including products ending in .96. While supplies last. Taxes and Environmental Handling Fees are extra, where applicable. Bell mobile phone number or Bell account number must be presented at time of purchase. The Program discounts exclude certain products including The Source Gift Cards, all prepaid cards (such as airtime cards, iTunes, Xbox), mobile phones and plans, security deposits, pre-orders, laptops, desktops, monitors, gaming hardware, select media streaming devices, select Apple, Bose, Sonos, Beats, Google, Sony, Amazon products and other products The Source may designate from time to time. Extended returns offer an additional 30-day return window on most products except mobile phones and subscriber services connected devices. Cannot be combined with other extended return periods. All conditional requirements and exceptions still apply. Please see store or visit thesource.ca/ReturnsExchanges for details. For other Program terms, see thesource.ca/en-ca/register/termsAndConditions.. ‡ Current as of September 7, 2022. Available with new activations with Bell SmartPay on any Unlimited Share plan (2-year or 30-day BYOD; excludes tablets, Mobile Internet and IoT products). Savings applied as a $10 monthly bill credit over the next 12 months. Regular price applies thereafter. Additional one-time fees are subject to change over time. See bell.ca/onetimefees for details. ‡ Exclusive rate plan on your first line. Available when you bring your own phone or get a new one. Connection Service Fee ($60) applies. * Current as of October 13, 2022. With a new activation or upgrade. A $60 one-time Connection Service Fee applies. At participating locations. Must be 18 years or older and legal owner of the phone traded in. Max. 1 phone per trade-in. The minimum trade-in value of the device must be $25. Rebate applies at the time of purchase on the price of the device and/or accessories in store after taxes. Amount of rebate depends on the value of the phone. Device must power on and be functional. See bell.ca/trade-in for details. Over 24 months compared to our device full price with Bell SmartPay™ on an eligible 2-year plan when trading in an eligible phone. Based on a third party score (Global Wireless Solutions OneScore™) calculated using wireless network testing in Canada against other national wireless networks. See bell.ca/network. Available with compatible devices within Bell Mobility’s network coverage areas. Offers subject to change without notice. 5G/5G+ access requires a compatible device and a compatible rate plan (even if a 5G/5G+ symbol appears on your device). Coverage is approximate, may vary and may not include indoor coverage; see bell.ca/5G. Speed, performance and whether a 5G/5G+ device uses the available 5G/5G+ network depend on various factors including: your rate plan, topography, environmental conditions, the current serving radio conditions at your location and whether the device is actively downloading or uploading data. Access is subject to Bell’s management of network resources, using methods which include Internet traffic management practices. See bell.ca/ITMP. Starting in select areas of Vancouver, Calgary, Edmonton, Montréal and the Greater Toronto Area. Savings based on up to $20/mo. savings off of the rate plan on your first line. Over 24 months with Bell SmartPayTM. Compared to our device full price. On an eligible 2-year plan. Current as of July 13, 2023. Offer valid with an eligible 2-year or 30-day plan. New activations only or upgrades are eligible. Applicable to smartphones only; not eligible on tablets, Mobile Internet or IoT products. Bill credit is comprised of waived one-time Connection Service Fee ($60) applied as a separate credit by your 2nd or 3rd billing period. Based on a third party combined score (Global Wireless Solutions OneScore™) speed test results in 5G network areas from Bell. Based on a third party score (Global Wireless Solutions OneScore™) calculated using wireless network testing in Canada against other wireless networks of combined data, voice, reliability and network coverage. See bell.ca/network for details. Current as of March 13, 2024. Available with new activation when adding additional lines on eligible 2-year plans (excluding Business, Tablet and Mobile Internet plans). There must be a primary subscriber activated on the account with an eligible rate plan to receive a $20 per line discount. Primary line not eligible for additional line discount. Current as of July 13, 2023. With a new activation or upgrade. A $60 one-time Connection Service Fee applies. At participating locations. Must be 18 years or older and legal owner of the phone traded in. Max. 1 phone per trade-in. The minimum trade-in value of the device must be $25. Rebate applies at the time of purchase on the price of the device and/or accessories in store after taxes. Amount depends on the trade-in value of the device based on the device condition; not all devices are eligible. See bell.ca/tradein for details. Current as of September 12, 2023. Offer is based on a $30/mo. credit when activating our Essential 75 GB $85 plan, when combining Mobility and Internet plans on your account. Available with new activations. Bring Your Own Device on Essential plan in eligible regions (30-day BYOD; excludes tablets, Mobile Internet and IoT products). Additional one-time fees are subject to change over time. See bell.ca/onetimefees for details. Add a family member to your account. Get 5G+ network access and 75&nbspGB for $55/mo.10 Bonus: Save $20/mo. for every member you add to your account.** View plans ** Current as of May 9, 2023. Available with new activation when adding additional lines on eligible 2-year plans (excluding Business, Tablet and Mobile Internet plans). There must be a primary subscriber activated on the account with an eligible rate plan to receive a $20 per line discount. Primary line not eligible for additional line discount. Additional details Close modal Back to main content Popular pages Cell Phones and Smartphones Prepaid Phones and Plans iPads and Android Tablets Transfer Your Cell Phone Number to Bell iPhone, iPad and Apple Watch Samsung Phones About us About Bell Canada Bell Let's Talk Bell for Better Jobs@Bell Bell Media Customer resources Return policy Privacy Security Legal and regulatory Bell email Internet Code Wireless Code Community forum Track my order About us About Bell Canada Bell Let's Talk Bell for Better Jobs@Bell Bell Media Customer resources Return policy Privacy Security Legal and regulatory Bell email Internet Code Wireless Code Community forum Track my order Get in touch Contact us Find a store Book an appointment Accessibility centre © Bell Canada, 2024. All rights reserved. | Site feedback | Site map My Account Fibe TV, Internet and Home phone Register for My Account (Bell Aliant) Manage your Bell Aliant Fibe TV, Internet, Home phone and Home security services My account details My profile Log out from My Account MyBell Register for MyBell (Log in to MyBell) Manage your Bell Satellite TV and Mobility services My services My bills and payments My profile Log out from MyBell Our services Bell Canada Bell is Canada's largest communications company, providing consumers and business with solutions for all their communications needs. The leader in digital TV Bell Fibe TV, the best TV service, provides stunning 4K picture and high-fidelity sound. Using fibre optic technology, Bell Fibe TV brings the best TV experience right to your door – no dish required. The Bell Fibe TV app lets you access live TV and on-demand television content using your Bell Streamer or by downloading the Fibe TV app on Amazon Fire TV, Android TV, Apple TV or by Google Cast using your Google Chromecast. Bell Satellite TV provides a great variety of HD and 4K channels, the best receivers and the best image quality – making it the leader in digital satellite TV service in Canada. The latest cell phones, Mobile Internet devices, smartwatches and tablets Choose from the latest iPhone devices from Apple, Samsung devices, Google phones, tablets and other popular smartphones. Stay connected on the Bell 5G-capable network with blazing-fast speeds, coast-to-coast coverage and clear reception. Ultra-fast high-speed fibre home Internet Command the fastest upload speeds with Bell Fibe Internet on Canada’s largest fibre optic network. Bell's high-speed home Internet lets you share photos and videos with upload speeds of up to 940 Mbps and download speeds of up to 1.5 Gigabits per second. The most reliable home phone service If you are looking for reliable home phone services, Bell Home phone guarantees exceptional services at all times or you get your money back. Promotions and offers Looking for new products and services from Bell? See the latest Bell promotions and offers or visit a Bell store to learn more. Communications solutions for businesses As Canada's leading trusted technology advisor, Bell Canada delivers end-to-end solutions to our small and medium-sized business (SMB) customers, from business Internet to business Mobility services and long distance solutions. Bell Business Markets is committed to delivering the integrated solutions large organizations need to increase productivity, sustain profitable growth, maximize service differentiation and minimize risk in today's challenging environment. Close Your browser does not support HTML5 video. Shipping options Get your order in as little as 2 hours In-Store Pick-Up Pick up your order at a store near you in as little as 2 hours. $0.00 Same-Day/Next-Day Delivery At your door the same day or next day. $15.00 Standard shipping At your door within 2–5 business days. $0.00 Select your preferred shipping option at checkout. (Note:) *Shipping options are subject to eligibility and stock availability of all items in your cart.