Promotions | TV & unlimited Internet bundles | Bell Canada Skip to main content Personal Business Small and Medium1 to 99 employees Large100+ employees Bell for Better Find a store Find a store Book an appointment Find a store Enter your address or postal code Filter store by In-store appointments Mobile devices for business + consumer Residential: Internet + TV + Phone Business: Internet + TV + Phone Mobile repairs Fibe TV live demo Bell Trade-in program Chinese Support華語服務 Hindi | Punjabi Support Find stores Accessibility Select province Ontario ON Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland And Labrador Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon FR Home Internet Log in / Register Back Cart Mobility SHOP MOBILITY Why Bell Mobility Our network Plans Phones and devices Connected things Internet SHOP INTERNET Why Fibe Internet Fibe Internet packages Wi-Fi Rural Internet Promotions TV SHOP TV Why Fibe TV Fibe TV packages Fibe TV app Satellite TV What's on Promotions Smart Home SHOP SMART HOME Why Bell Smart Home Packages Devices Home phone SHOP HOME PHONE Packages Long distance Calling features Bundles SHOP BUNDLES Popular bundles Build your own Promotions Promotions Support Personal Business Small and Medium1 to 99 employees Large100+ employees Bell for Better Find a store Book an appointment Accessibility AB BC MB NB NL NT NS NU ON PE QC SK YT FR Select this button and then dictate your search. Successful results will be displayed on a new page. Your shopping cart is empty Log in / Register Internet Why Bell Packages Wi-Fi Fibre Features Promotions Dictate your search change selected close Your current region: Ontario Change Select your province or territory below Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland And Labrador Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon Your current region: Ontario change Select a region: Select your province or territory below Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland And Labrador Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon Internet Internet and TV promotions Switch to Bell and enjoy our amazing Internet and TV services at incredible prices. Offer details Available to new residential customers in select dwellings in Québec where access/technology permit. Subject to change without notice; not combinable with other offers. Taxes extra and restrictions apply. Customer must opt to receive paperless billing. Available to new residential customers in Quebec city, where access/technology permit. Subject to change without notice; not combinable with other offers. Taxes extra. Customer must opt to receive paperless billing. Modem rental included. Speed experienced on the Internet may vary with your technical configuration, Internet traffic, server, your environment, simultaneous use of IPTV (if applicable) and other factors. (1) V Total download speed up to 1.5 Gbps. Upload speed up to 940 Mbps. A wired connection and at least one additional wired or wireless connection are required to obtain speed up to 1.5 Gbps. Maximum upload speed can only be obtained on a wired connection. (2) Your promotion consists of a monthly credit off the current price. The current price is subject to increase during your subscription. If the current price increases your monthly price will increase but you will continue to receive your monthly credit during the promotion. Credits apply to the first full 30-day billing period and for each full billing period after that, for the duration of the promotion. A billing period may not start on the day of subscription or installation of services. Price without credit will apply prior to the first full 30-day billing period or if services are terminated during a 30-day billing period. Pricing is based on continued subscription to: Fibe Gigabit 1.5 at $59.95/mo. ($84.95/mo., less $25 credit for 24 complete billing periods).Any change made to services may affect the price and/or result in the loss of credits or promotions, as the case may be, as eligibility conditions may vary. (3) $0 for self-install or for professional install where self-install is not available. $99.95 professional install fee applies if you decline self-install when available. The BELL trademark is owned by Bell Canada. All other trademarks are owned or used under license by Bell Canada or one of its subsidiaries. (‡)Installation: $0 for self-install or for professional install where self-install is not available. $99.95 professional install fee applies if you decline self-install when available. Includes installation of up to 2 additional receivers. Fibe TV: Receivers are rented and may be new or refurbished at Bell’s choice. Fibe Internet: : Gigabit Fibe 1.5 Internet package: Modem rental included. Total download speed up to 1.5 Gbps. Upload speed up to 940 Mbps. A wired connection and at least one additional wired or wireless connection are required to obtain total download speed. Maximum upload speed can only be obtained on a wired connection. Fibe is a trademark of Bell Canada. Offer details Your promotion consists of a monthly credit off the current price. The current price is subject to increase during your subscription. If the current price increases your monthly price will increase but you will continue to receive your monthly credit during the promotion. Credits apply to the first full 30-day billing period and for each full billing period after that, for the duration of the promotion. A billing period may not start on the day of subscription or installation of services. Price without credit will apply prior to the first full 30-day billing period or if services are terminated during a 30-day billing period. Pricing is based on continued subscription to: Gigabit Fibe 1.5 Internet at $75/mo. ($105/mo., less $30/mo. credit for 24 full billing periods). ŦBased on Bell’s 1.5 Gbps download and 940 Mbps upload speeds compared to Rogers widely available cable network technology with current maximum download speeds of 1 Gbps and upload speeds of 30 Mbps. †† Cable total speeds 1030 Mbps (up to 1000 Mbps download speed+ up to 30 Mbps upload speed) compare to Bell 2440 Mbps total speeds (up to 1500 Mbps download speed + up to 940 Mbps upload speed) Fibe 50 Internet Canada’s fastest Internet and Wi-Fi.1 Get 100% pure fibre, the best Internet technology. Pure fibre Internet Pure fibre Internet, the most reliable technology, straight to your home2 Max download and upload speeds of 50 Mbps Wi-Fi 6E, the most advanced Wi-Fi for coverage in every room Enjoy a credit of $30/mo.*$30 per month for 2 years. Right now, pay just: $55.00/mo. $55 per month Current price $85/mo.$85 per month Prices may increase during subscription. * Credit earned at end of full billing period. $0 installation available.+ Offer details To check availability and order: To check availability and order: Chat live 1 866 845-2998 Offer details Available to new residential customers in Ontario, where access/technology permit. Subject to change without notice; not combinable with other offers. Taxes extra. Your promotion consists of a monthly credit off the current price. The current price is subject to increase during your subscription. If the current price increases your monthly price will increase but you will continue to receive your monthly credit during the promotion. Credits apply to the first full 30-day billing period and for each full billing period after that, for the duration of the promotion. A billing period may not start on the day of subscription or installation of services. Price without credit will apply prior to the first full 30-day billing period or if services are terminated during a 30-day billing period. Pricing is based on continued subscription to: Fibe 50 Internet at $55/mo. ($85/mo., less $30 credit for 24 full billing periods). Any change made to services may affect the price and/or result in the loss of credits or promotions, as the case may be, as eligibility conditions may vary. Fibe Internet 50: Download speed up to 50 Mbps. Upload speed up to 50 Mbps. Speed experienced on the Internet may vary with your technical configuration, Internet traffic, server, your environment, simultaneous use of IPTV (if applicable) and other factors. (+) Installation: $0 for self-install or for professional install where self install is not available. $150 professional install fee applies if you decline self-install when available. Fibe is a trademark of Bell Canada. Gigabit Fibe 1.5 Internet Switch to the fastest Internet technology today. Pure fibre Internet Download speed of up to 1.5 Gbps Upload speed of up to 940 Mbps Unlimited usage Wi-Fi 6E included Enjoy a credit of $30/mo.*$30 per month for 2 years. Right now, pay just: $100.00/mo.† $100 per month† †When paired with an eligible Mobility plan. Not a Mobility customer? Pay just $110/mo. Current price $130/mo.$130 per month Prices may increase during subscription. * Credit earned at end of full billing period. $0 installation available.+ Offer details To check availability and order: To check availability and order: Chat live 1 866 845-2998 Offer details Offer ends September 30. Available to new residential customers in select dwellings of Ontario where access/technology permit. Subject to change without notice; not combinable with other offers. Taxes extra. Customer must opt to receive paperless billing. $150 prepaid card: with select Internet (min. Fibe 500 with unlimited Internet usage). $100 prepaid card: with select Internet (min. Fibe 10). All services need to be installed/activated within 30 days of order. Unloaded card will be mailed after customer maintains continuous subscription to the same eligible Bell services and account in good standing for 60 days following installation of all services. Within 30 days of receipt of the gift card, customer must register the card online at bellgiftcard.com to request loading of the amount. Allow 30 days for card to be loaded and ready to use. Prepaid card and use are subject to the Visa card program and its associated terms of use. One prepaid card per customer. Other conditions apply.. Fibe Internet + Fibe TV app Do more. Watch more. Combine fast, reliable Internet with an app that lets you stream live and on-demand TV. Fibe Internet Download speeds of up to 50 Mbps Unlimited usage Wi-Fi included Fibe TV app Standard Live TV from your favourite networks, including CBC, CTV, Global and more The premium movie channel of your choice Bonus: Get a Bell Streamer, included with the Fibe TV app. Enjoy a credit of $30/mo.* $30 per month for 2 years. Right now, pay just: $65.00/mo. $65.00 per month Current price $95.00/mo.$35.00 per month Prices may increase during subscription *Credit earned at the end of full billing periods. $0 installation available.† Offer details BONUS Get Crave on us for 2 months with subscription.‡ ‡ Current price: $20/mo. $20 per month Subject to increase. BONUS Get Crave on us for 2 months with subscription.‡ ‡ Current price: $20/mo. $20 per month Subject to increase. Check availability and order Check availability and order 1 866 845-2998 Offer details Offer ends March 8. Available to new residential customers in select dwellings of Ontario where access/technology permit. Subject to change without notice; not combinable with other offers. Taxes extra. Customer must opt to receive paperless billing. $100 prepaid card: with select Fibe Internet (min. unlimited Internet) and Fibe TV (min. Good TV package) services with a 2-year contract on Fibe TV. In the event of early termination of your 2-year contract, early cancellation charges tied to the card will apply, in addition to any other early cancellation charges which may be applicable. If you cancel your services before you activate your card, you will not be able to use your prepaid card and will not be charged the early cancellation charge tied to the card. All services need to be installed/activated within 30 days of order. Unloaded card will be mailed after customer maintains continuous subscription to the same eligible Bell services and account in good standing for 60 days following installation of all services. Within 30 days of receipt of the prepaid card, customer must register the card online at bellgiftcard.com to request loading of the amount. Allow 30 days for card to be loaded and ready to use. Prepaid card and use are subject to the Visa card program and its associated terms of use. One prepaid card per customer. Other conditions apply. Standard Best of live events, major sports events, binge-worthy shows and popular new shows. • Only available in select areas. You’ll love Bell Advantages @ The Source. Exclusive offers | Front of the line access | Everyday savings Learn more Get all your home and mobile services from Bell and enjoy: Mobile speeds ranked amongst the fastest in the world3 Unlimited Internet usage options to do more of what you love online The best TV-watching app for entertainment on any screen, anywhere Complimentary Bell Mobility hotspot when your Bell Internet is unavailable during a move or while awaiting repair4 The award-winning MyBell app to easily manage all your communications services5 Professional installation 7 days a week with live text message arrival time updates Get more info about our services Fibe Internet See available packages Fibe TV See available packages Fibe TV app See available packages Additional details Crave and all associated logos are trademarks of Bell Media Inc. All rights reserved. Fibe and Fibe TV App are trademarks of Bell Canada. Offer Details Available to new residential customers in select dwellings in Québec where access/technology permit. Subject to change without notice; not combinable with other offers. Taxes extra. Customer must opt to receive paperless billing. The current price is subject to increase during your subscription. Pricing at $99.90/mo. is based on continued subscription to: Fibe TV Starter + À la carte 10 pack; 4K Whole Home PVR rental and Fibe Gigabit Internet. Any change made to services may affect the price and/or result in the loss of credits or promotions, as the case may be, as eligibility conditions may vary. (†) Installation: Includes installation of up to 2 additional receivers. Fibe TV: Receivers are rented and may be new or refurbished at Bell’s choice. Fibe Internet: Modem rental included. A wired connection and at least one additional wired or wireless connection are required to obtain total download speed. Maximum upload speed can only be obtained on a wired connection. Speed experienced on the Internet may vary with your technical configuration, Internet traffic, server, your environment, simultaneous use of IPTV (if applicable) and other factors. Fibe is a trademark of Bell Canada. Offer details Available to new residential customers in select dwellings in Ontario, where access/technology permit. Subject to change without notice; not combinable with other offers. Taxes extra. Customer must opt to receive paperless billing. Modem rental included. Speed experienced on the Internet may vary with your technical conﬁguration, Internet trafﬁc, server, your environment, simultaneous use of IPTV (if applicable) and other factors. (1) Total download speed up to 1.5 Gbps. Upload speed up to 940 Mbps. A wired connection and at least one additional wired or wireless connection are required to obtain total download speed. Maximum upload speed can only be obtained on a wired connection. (2) Price is subject to increase during your subscription. Any change made to services may affect the price and/or result in the loss of credits or promotions, as the case may be, as eligibility conditions may vary. Fibe is a trademark of Bell Canada. Offer details Available to new residential customers in select dwellings in Ontario, where access/technology permit. Subject to change without notice; not combinable with other offers. Taxes extra. Customer must opt to receive paperless billing. Modem rental included. Speed experienced on the Internet may vary with your technical conﬁguration, Internet trafﬁc, server, your environment, simultaneous use of IPTV (if applicable) and other factors. (1) Total download speed up to 1.5 Gbps. Upload speed up to 940 Mbps. A wired connection and at least one additional wired or wireless connection are required to obtain total download speed. Maximum upload speed can only be obtained on a wired connection. (2) Price is subject to increase during your subscription. Any change made to services may affect the price and/or result in the loss of credits or promotions, as the case may be, as eligibility conditions may vary. Fibe is a trademark of Bell Canada. Offer details Available to new residential customers in Ontario, where access and technology permit. For certain offers, the customer must select e-billing and create a MyBell profile. Price is subject to increase during your subscription. Any change made to services may affect the price and/or result in the loss of credits or promotions, as the case may be, as eligibility conditions may vary. Modem rental required; one-time modem rental fee waived for new customers. Subject to change without notice and cannot be combined with any other offer. Taxes extra. Other conditions apply, including minimum system requirements. Installation: Conditions apply; see bell.ca/fullinstall. Fibe Internet: Fibe 50 Internet package: modem rental required; one-time modem rental fee waived for new customers. Download speeds of up to 50 Mbps. Actual speeds experienced on the Internet may vary with customer's configuration, Internet traffic, server or other factors. Upload access speeds will vary depending on the distance between the customer’s modem and switching equipment from Bell: min. 1.9 Mbps and max. 10 Mbps. Crave and all associated logos are trademarks of Bell Media Inc. HBO® and related service marks are property of Home Box Office, Inc., used under license. SHOWTIME and related logos are trademarks of Showtime Networks Inc., used under license. All rights reserved. All images, artwork and trademarks are the property of their respective owners. The Witches, Gossip Girl, Friends the Reunion © 2021 WarnerMedia Direct, LLC. All Rights Reserved. HBO Max™ is used under license; ©2021 WBEI. Game of Thrones, Mare of Easttown, The White Lotus ©2021 Home Box Office, Inc. All rights reserved. Star Trek Picard 2021 © CBS Studios Inc. Godzilla vs. Kong © 2021 Warner Bros. Ent. All Rights Reserved. GODZILLA TM & © Toho Co., Ltd. Tom & Jerry © 2021 Warner Bros. Ent. All Rights Reserved. Wonder Woman © 2020 Warner Bros. Ent. All Rights Reserved TM & © DC. Anne Boleyn © 2021 Fable Pictures LTD. All Rights Reserved. Dexter ©2021 Showtime Networks Inc., a ViacomCBS Company. All rights reserved. The Handmaid’s Tale © 2021 MGM Television Entertainment Inc. and Relentless Productions LLC. All Rights Reserved. Offer details Offer ends July 8, 2019. Available to new residential customers in Québec, where access and technology permit. Subject to change without notice; not combinable with other offers. Taxes extra and other conditions apply, including minimum system requirements. For certain offers, customer must select e-billing and create a MyBell profile. Your promotion consists of a monthly credit off the current price. The current price is subject to increase during your subscription. If the current price increases your monthly price will increase but you will continue to receive your monthly credit during the promotion. Credits apply to the first full 30-day billing period and for each full billing period after that, for the duration of the promotion. A billing period may not start on the day of subscription or installation of services. Price without credit will apply prior to the first full 30-day billing period or if services are terminated during a 30-day billing period. Pricing is based on continued subscription to: Fibe TV Starter package with 10 à la carte channels at $29.95/mo. ($41.95/mo, less $15/mo. for 12 full billing periods, plus $3 Digital Service Fee); and Fibe Internet 50 at $51.95/mo. ($85.95/mo., less $29/mo. credit and less $5/mo. multi service promo for 12 full billing periods); and Home Phone Lite at $22.95/mo. ($41.45/mo., less $18.50 ongoing monthly credit). Any change made to services may result in the loss of credits or promotions, as eligibility conditions may vary. Installation: Fibe TV: Includes installation of modem, 4K PVR and up to 2 additional HD receivers; see bell.ca/fibetvinstall for details. $50 installation fee for each additional receiver. Internet: Conditions apply, see bell.ca/fullinstall. Home phone: Installation includes one jack at the service entry point where none present; $75 for the 1st additional jack, $50 for every subsequent jack. 4K Whole Home PVR: $0/mo. 4K Whole Home PVR rental based on $20 monthly rental fee, less a $20 monthly credit. Available to new Bell TV subscribers with continued subscription to an eligible bundle; see bell.ca/bundle. Rental term is month to month. If you rent receiver without default for 60 consecutive months, you may continue to use it at no charge for as long as you are a Bell TV customer. The receiver remains Bell's property. You may terminate your rental at any time provided you return the receiver. Receivers may be new or refurbished at Bell's choice. Internet: Fibe Internet 50 package: modem rental required; one-time modem rental fee waived for new customers. Upload and download access speeds can vary depending on the distance between the customer's modem and switching equipment from Bell. Bell Internet: Fibe 50: Download speed: up to 50 Mpbs. Upload access speed: min. 1.9 Mbps and max. 10 Mbps. Use of the service, including unlimited usage, is subject to Bell's Terms of Service; bell.ca/agreements. Actual speeds experienced on the Internet may vary with customer's configuration, Internet traffic, server or other factors. Home phone: Available where not CRTC regulated. Service area charge ($4/mo.) may apply in some areas. Unlimited Provincial calling is available to customers who continuously subscribe to an eligible Home phone, Internet and TV bundle. Applies to direct-dialed outbound calls originating and terminating within your province, excluding toll-free calls. Calls to certain conference or adult services or to high-cost areas may be restricted, and subject to other use restrictions in Terms of Service; see bell.ca/legal. Fibe is a trademark of Bell Canada. Offer details Available to new residential customers in select dwellings in Québec where access/technology permit. Subject to change without notice; not combinable with other offers. Taxes extra and restrictions apply. Customer must opt to receive paperless billing. Your promotion consists of a monthly credit off the current price. The current price is subject to increase during your subscription. If the current price increases your monthly price will increase but you will continue to receive your monthly credit during the promotion. Credits apply to the first full 30-day billing period and for each full billing period after that, for the duration of the promotion. A billing period may not start on the day of subscription or installation of services. Price without credit will apply prior to the first full 30-day billing period or if services are terminated during a 30-day billing period. Pricing is based on continued subscription to: Fibe TV Starter + À la carte 10 pack at $47.95/mo. (49.95/mo., less $5/mo. credit for 24 full billing periods, plus $3 Digital Service Fee); 4K Whole Home PVR rental at $0/mo. ($20/mo., less $20/mo. credit) and Fibe 500 Internet at $71.95/mo. ($79.95/mo. less $8/mo. credit for 24 full billing periods). Any change made to services may affect the price and/or result in the loss of credits or promotions, as the case may be, as eligibility conditions may vary. (†)Installation: $0 for self-install or for professional install where self-install is not available. $99.95 professional install fee applies if you decline self-install when available. Includes installation of up to 2 additional receivers Equipment: Includes the rental of one Home Hub 3000 modem and one 4K Whole Home PVR. Fibe TV: Receivers are rented and may be new or refurbished at Bell’s choice. Fibe Internet: Fibe 500 Internet package: Modem rental included. Download speed up to 500 Mbps. Upload speed up to 500 Mbps. Speed experienced on the Internet may vary with your technical configuration, Internet traffic, server, your environment, simultaneous use of IPTV (if applicable) and other factors. Fibe is a trademark of Bell Canada. Offer details Available to new residential customers and Bell Mobility customers (new or existing) with an account in good standing in Ontario, who continuously subscribe to an eligible Internet package and eligible Mobility services with a plan of minimum $25/mo. (excluding Tablets, Small Business, EPP and prepaid plans), where access/technology permit. Subject to change without notice; not combinable with other offers. Taxes extra. Customer must opt to receive paperless billing. Customer must have the same name on both Internet and Mobility accounts to be eligible for the offer. Credit will appear on Internet bill. One credit per account. Customer must consolidate their services at one address and in One Bill. Any change made to services may affect the price and/or result in the loss of credits or promotions, as the case may be, as eligibility conditions may vary. Your promotion consists of a monthly credit off the current price. The current price is subject to increase during your subscription. If the current price increases your monthly price will increase but you will continue to receive your monthly credit during the promotion. Credits apply to the first full 30-day billing period and for each full billing period after that, for the duration of the promotion. A billing period may not start on the day of subscription or installation of services. Price without credit will apply prior to the first full 30-day billing period or if services are terminated during a 30-day billing period. Pricing is based on continued subscription to an eligible Bell Mobility plan and: Gigabit Fibe 1.5 Internet at $100/mo. ($130/mo., less $30 credit for 24 full billing periods). Any change made to services may affect the price and/or result in the loss of credits or promotions, as the case may be, as eligibility conditions may vary. (+) Installation: $0 for self-install or for professional install where self‑install is not available. $150 professional install fee applies if you decline self-install when available. Fibe Internet: Gigabit Fibe 1.5 Internet package: Modem rental included. Download speed up to 1.5 Gbps. Upload speed up to 940 Mbps. A wired connection or a combination of wireless and wired connections is required to obtain maximum speed. Speed experienced on the Internet may vary with your technical configuration, Internet traffic, server, your environment, simultaneous use of IPTV (if applicable) and other factors. Fibe is a trademark of Bell Canada. Offer details Available to new residential customers and Bell Mobility customers (new or existing) with an account in good standing in Ontario, who continuously subscribe to an eligible Internet package and eligible Mobility services with a plan of minimum $25/mo. (excluding Tablets, Small Business, EPP and prepaid plans), where access/technology permit. Subject to change without notice; not combinable with other offers. Taxes extra. Customer must opt to receive paperless billing. Customer must have the same name on both Internet and Mobility accounts to be eligible for the offer. Credit will appear on Internet bill. One credit per account. Customer must consolidate their services at one address and in One Bill. Any change made to services may affect the price and/or result in the loss of credits or promotions, as the case may be, as eligibility conditions may vary. Your promotion consists of a monthly credit off the current price. The current price is subject to increase during your subscription. If the current price increases your monthly price will increase but you will continue to receive your monthly credit during the promotion. Credits apply to the first full 30-day billing period and for each full billing period after that, for the duration of the promotion. A billing period may not start on the day of subscription or installation of services. Price without credit will apply prior to the first full 30-day billing period or if services are terminated during a 30-day billing period. Pricing is based on continued subscription to an eligible Bell Mobility plan and: Fibe TV Starter package + Timeshifting at $20/mo.; Fibe TV box rental at $5/mo. ($8/mo., less $3/mo. credit); Cloud PVR rental at $10/mo. and Fibe 150 Internet at $65/mo. ($90/mo., less $25/mo. for 24 full billing periods).Any change made to services may affect the price and/or result in the loss of credits or promotions, as the case may be, as eligibility conditions may vary. (+) Installation: $300 professional installation fees apply with no term contract. If self-install available: $0 for self-install or if you decline self-install, $150 with a 2-year term on TV. If self-install not available: $0 for professional install with a 2-year term on TV. Early cancellation charges equivalent to waived portion of installation fee apply with a TV term contract. Includes installation of up to 2 additional receivers. (‡) Crave + Movies + HBO: Available to new eligible Fibe TV/Satellite TV and Internet residential customers who have not subscribed to these channels in the last 120 days, where access/technology permit. Subject to change without notice; not combinable with other offers. Taxes extra. Customer must opt to receive paperless billing. Pricing is based on continued subscription to an eligible TV and Internet bundle and to Crave + Movies + HBO at $20/mo., less $20/mo. credit for 2 months. Any change made to services may affect the price and/or result in the loss of credits or promotions, as the case may be, as eligibility conditions may vary. Fibe TV: Receivers are rented and may be new or refurbished at Bell’s choice. Fibe Internet: Fibe 150 Internet package: Modem rental included. Download speed up to 150 Mbps. Upload speed up to 150 Mbps. Speed experienced on the Internet may vary with your technical configuration, Internet traffic, server, your environment, simultaneous use of IPTV (if applicable) and other factors. Crave and all associated logos are trademarks of Bell Media Inc. HBO® and related service marks are property of Home Box Office, Inc., used under license. SHOWTIME and related logos are trademarks of Showtime Networks Inc., used under license. All rights reserved. All images, artwork and trademarks are the property of their respective owners. Fibe is a trademark of Bell Canada. Offer details Available to new residential customers and Bell Mobility customers (new or existing) with an account in good standing in Ontario, who continuously subscribe to an eligible Internet package and eligible Mobility services with a plan of minimum $25/mo. (excluding Tablets, Small Business, EPP and prepaid plans), where access/technology permit. Your promotion consists of a monthly credit off the current price. The current price is subject to increase during your subscription. If the current price increases your monthly price will increase but you will continue to receive your monthly credit during the promotion. Credits apply to the first full 30-day billing period and for each full billing period after that, for the duration of the promotion. A billing period may not start on the day of subscription or installation of services. Price without credit will apply prior to the first full 30-day billing period or if services are terminated during a 30-day billing period. Pricing is based on continued subscription to an eligible Bell Mobility plan and: Fibe TV Starter package at $15/mo.; Fibe TV box rental at $5/mo. ($8/mo., less $3/mo. credit); Cloud PVR rental at $10/mo. and Gigabit Fibe Internet 1.5 at $95/mo. ($130/mo., less $35/mo. for 24 full billing periods). Any change made to services may affect the price and/or result in the loss of credits or promotions, as the case may be, as eligibility conditions may vary (+) Installation: $300 professional installation fees apply with no term contract. If self-install available: $0 for self-install or if you decline self-install, $150 with a 2-year term on TV. If self-install not available: $0 for professional install with a 2-year term on TV. Early cancellation charges equivalent to waived portion of installation fee apply with a TV term contract. Includes installation of up to 2 additional receivers. (‡) Crave + Movies + HBO: Available to new eligible Fibe TV/Satellite TV and Internet residential customers who have not subscribed to these channels in the last 120 days, where access/technology permit. Subject to change without notice; not combinable with other offers. Taxes extra. Customer must opt to receive paperless billing. Pricing is based on continued subscription to an eligible TV and Internet bundle and to Crave + Movies + HBO at $20/mo., less $20/mo. credit for 3 months. Any change made to services may affect the price and/or result in the loss of credits or promotions, as the case may be, as eligibility conditions may vary. Fibe TV: Receivers are rented and may be new or refurbished at Bell’s choice. Fibe Internet: Gigabit Fibe 1.5 Internet package: Modem rental included. Download speed up to 1.5 Gbps. Upload speed up to 940 Mbps. A wired connection or a combination of wireless and wired connections is required to obtain maximum speed. Speed experienced on the Internet may vary with your technical configuration, Internet traffic, server, your environment, simultaneous use of IPTV (if applicable) and other factors. Crave and all associated logos are trademarks of Bell Media Inc. HBO® and related service marks are property of Home Box Office, Inc., used under license. SHOWTIME and related logos are trademarks of Showtime Networks Inc., used under license. All rights reserved. All images, artwork and trademarks are the property of their respective owners. Fibe is a trademark of Bell Canada. Offer details Available to new residential customers in select dwellings in Ontario, where access/technology permit. Subject to change without notice; not combinable with other offers. Taxes extra. Customer must opt to receive paperless billing. Modem rental included. Speed experienced on the Internet may vary with your technical conﬁguration, Internet trafﬁc, server, your environment, simultaneous use of IPTV (if applicable) and other factors. Total download speed up to 1.5 Gbps. Upload speed up to 940 Mbps. A wired connection and at least one additional wired or wireless connection are required to obtain total download speed. Maximum upload speed can only be obtained on a wired connection. Price is subject to increase during your subscription. Any change made to services may affect the price and/or result in the loss of credits or promotions, as the case may be, as eligibility conditions may vary. Fibe is a trademark of Bell Canada. Offer details $10/mo. bonus credit: Available to new Internet residential customers and new or existing Mobility customers with an account in good standing in Ontario, who continuously subscribe to an eligible Internet package and eligible Mobility services, where access/technology permit. Any change made to services may affect the price and/or result in the loss of credits or promotions, as the case may be, as eligibility conditions may vary. Customer must have the same name on both Internet and Mobility accounts to be eligible for the offer. Credit applies on the Internet account and to the first full 30-day billing period and for each full billing period after that, for 1 year. A billing period may not start on the day of subscription or installation of services. Price without credit will apply prior to the first full 30-day billing period or if services are terminated during a 30-day billing period. Price is subject to increase during your subscription. Subject to change without notice; not combinable with other offers. Taxes extra. Customer must opt to receive paperless billing. Offer details Available to new residential customers in select dwellings in Ontario, where access/ technology permit. Subject to change without notice; not combinable with other offers. Taxes extra. Customer must opt to receive paperless billing. Your promotion consists of a monthly credit off the current price. The current price is subject to increase during your subscription. If the current price increases your monthly price will increase but you will continue to receive your monthly credit during the promotion. Credits apply to the first full 30-day billing period and for each full billing period after that, for the duration of the promotion. A billing period may not start on the day of subscription or installation of services. Price without credit will apply prior to the first full 30-day billing period or if services are terminated during a 30-day billing period. Pricing is based on continued subscription to: Fibe TV Starter package + Timeshifting at $29.95/mo. ($26.95/mo., plus $3 Digital Service Fee); 4K Whole Home PVR rental at $15/mo. ($20/mo., less $5 credit); Fibe 500 Internet at $54.95/mo. ($94.95/mo., less $40/mo. credit for 24 complete billing periods). Any change made to services may affect the price and/or result in the loss of credits or promotions, as the case may be, as eligibility conditions may vary. (†) Installation: $300 professional installation fees apply with no term contract. If self-install available: $0 for self-install or if you decline self-install, $150 with a 2-year term on TV. If self-install not available: $0 for professional install with a 2-year term on TV. Early cancellation charges equivalent to waived portion of installation fee apply with a T V term contract. Includes installation of up to 2 additional receivers (‡) Crave + Movies + HBO: Available to new eligible Fibe TV/Satellite TV and Internet residential customers who have not subscribed to these channels in the last 120 days, where access/technology permit. Subject to change without notice; not combinable with other offers. Taxes extra. Customer must opt to receive paperless billing. Pricing is based on continued subscription to an eligible TV and Internet bundle and to Crave + Movies + HBO at $20/mo., less $20/mo. credit for 3 months. Any change made to services may affect the price and/or result in the loss of credits or promotions, as the case may be, as eligibility conditions may vary. Fibe TV: Receivers are rented and may be new or refurbished at Bell’s choice. Fibe Internet: Fibe 500 Internet package: Modem rental included. Download speed up to 500 Mbps. Upload access speed up to 500 Mbps. Speed experienced on the Internet may vary with your technical configuration, Internet traffic, server, your environment, simultaneous use of IPTV (if applicable) and other factors. Crave and all associated logos are trademarks of Bell Media Inc. HBO® and related service marks are property of Home Box Office, Inc., used under license. SHOWTIME and related logos are trademarks of Showtime Networks Inc., used under license. All rights reserved. All images, artwork and trademarks are the property of their respective owners. Fibe is a trademark of Bell Canada. Offer details Available to new residential customers in select dwellings in Ontario, where access/ technology permit. Subject to change without notice; not combinable with other offers. Taxes extra. Customer must opt to receive paperless billing. Your promotion consists of a monthly credit off the current price. The current price is subject to increase during your subscription. If the current price increases your monthly price will increase but you will continue to receive your monthly credit during the promotion. Credits apply to the first full 30-day billing period and for each full billing period after that, for the duration of the promotion. A billing period may not start on the day of subscription or installation of services. Price without credit will apply prior to the first full 30-day billing period or if services are terminated during a 30-day billing period. Pricing is based on continued subscription to: Fibe 50 Internet at $59.95/mo. ($84.95/mo., less $25/mo. credit for 24 full billing periods). Fibe Internet: Modem rental included. Speed experienced on the Internet may vary with your technical configuration, Internet traffic, server, your environment, simultaneous use of IPTV (if applicable) and other factors. Upload and download access speeds can vary depending on the distance between the customer’s modem and switching equipment from Bell. Fibe 50: Download speed: up to 50 Mpbs. Upload access speed: min. 1.9 Mbps and max. 10 Mbps. Additional Internet usage: $4.00/additional GB (max. $100/mo.). (†) Installation: $0 for self-install or for professional install where self-install is not available. $150 professional install fee applies if you decline self-install when available. Fibe is a trademark of Bell Canada. Offer details Available to new residential customers in select dwellings in Ontario, where access/technology permit. Subject to change without notice; not combinable with other offers. Taxes extra. Customer must opt to receive paperless billing. Your promotion consists of a monthly credit off the current price. The current price is subject to increase during your subscription. If the current price increases your monthly price will increase but you will continue to receive your monthly credit during the promotion. Credits apply to the first full 30-day billing period and for each full billing period after that, for the duration of the promotion. A billing period may not start on the day of subscription or installation of services. Price without credit will apply prior to the first full 30-day billing period or if services are terminated during a 30-day billing period. Pricing is based on continued subscription to: Fibe TV app Standard package at $10/mo. ($14.95/mo., less $4.95/mo. credit) and Fibe 50 Internet at $59.95/mo. ($84.95/mo., less $25/mo. credit for 24 full billing periods). Any change made to services may affect the price and/or result in the loss of credits or promotions, as the case may be, as eligibility conditions may vary. Fibe Internet: Modem rental included. Speed experienced on the Internet may vary with your technical configuration, Internet traffic, server, your environment, simultaneous use of IPTV (if applicable) and other factors. Upload and download access speeds can vary depending on the distance between the customer’s modem and switching equipment from Bell. Fibe 50: Download speed: up to 50 Mpbs. Upload access speed: min. 1.9 Mbps and max. 10 Mbps. Additional Internet usage: $4.00/additional GB (max. $100/mo.). (†) Installation: $0 for self-install or for professional install where self-install is not available. $150 professional install fee applies if you decline self-install when available. Fibe is a trademark of Bell Canada. Offer details Available to new residential customers in Ontario, where access and technology permit. For certain offers, the customer must select e-billing and create a MyBell profile. Price is subject to increase during your subscription. Any change made to services may affect the price and/or result in the loss of credits or promotions, as the case may be, as eligibility conditions may vary. Modem rental required; one-time modem rental fee waived for new customers. Subject to change without notice and cannot be combined with any other offer. Taxes extra. Other conditions apply, including minimum system requirements. Subject to compliance with the Bell Terms of service; bell.ca/agreements. Speeds on the Internet may vary with your configuration, Internet traffic, server, environmental conditions, simultaneous use of Fibe TV (if applicable) or other factors; bell.ca/speedguide. Conditions apply; see bell.ca/fullinstall. Assuming optimal network conditions. A wired connection and at least one additional wired or wireless connection are required to obtain total speeds of up to 1 Gbps. Assuming optimal network conditions. Maximum speeds can only be obtained on a wired connection. Offer details Available to new residential customers in Ontario, where access/technology permit. Subject to change without notice; not combinable with other offers. Taxes extra. Customer must opt to receive paperless billing. Your promotion consists of a monthly credit off the current price. The current price is subject to increase during your subscription. If the current price increases your monthly price will increase but you will continue to receive your monthly credit during the promotion. Credits apply to the first full 30-day billing period and for each full billing period after that, for the duration of the promotion. A billing period may not start on the day of subscription or installation of services. Price without credit will apply prior to the first full 30-day billing period or if services are terminated during a 30-day billing period. Pricing is based on continued subscription to: Fibe TV app Standard package at $10/mo. ($14.95/mo., less $4.95/mo. credit); Fibe 50 Internet at $55/mo. ($85/mo., less $30 credit for 24 full billing periods). Any change made to services may affect the price and/or result in the loss of credits or promotions, as the case may be, as eligibility conditions may vary. Fibe Internet: Modem rental included. Download speed up to 50 Mbps. Upload access speed varies depending on the distance between the customer’s modem and switching equipment from Bell: min. 1 Mbps and max. 10 Mbps. Speed experienced on the Internet may vary with your technical configuration, Internet traffic, server, your environment, simultaneous use of IPTV (if applicable) and other factors. (‡) Crave + Movies + HBO: Available to new eligible Fibe TV/Satellite TV and Internet residential customers who have not subscribed to these channels in the last 120 days, where access/technology permit. Subject to change without notice; not combinable with other offers. Taxes extra. Customer must opt to receive paperless billing. Pricing is based on continued subscription to an eligible TV and Internet bundle and to Crave + Movies + HBO at $20/mo., less $20/mo. credit for 2 months. Any change made to services may affect the price and/or result in the loss of credits or promotions, as the case may be, as eligibility conditions may vary. (†) Installation: $0 for self-install or for professional install where self-install is not available. $150 professional install fee applies if you decline self-install when available. Bell Streamer: only available to new or existing residential customers in Ontario and Québec who add Fibe TV app standard or Premium/Plus. Only one Bell Streamer per Internet account. Thirty days following the order, the Bell Streamer will be sent to the customer by mail. Standard shipping times apply. For information about the limited warranty applicable to the Bell Streamer, see: bell.ca/streamerwarranty. Crave and all associated logos are trademarks of Bell Media Inc. All rights reserved. Fibe and Fibe TV app are trademarks of Bell Canada. Offer details Available to new residential customers in select dwellings in Ontario, where access/technology permit. Subject to change without notice; not combinable with other offers. Taxes extra. Customer must opt to receive paperless billing. $150 gift card: with select Internet and Satellite or Fibe TV (min. Starter + 10 à la carte channels TV package) services with a 2-year contract on Fibe TV. In the event of early termination of your 2-year contract, early cancellation charges tied to the card will apply, in addition to any other early cancellation charges which may be applicable. If you cancel your services before you activate your gift card, you will not be able to use your gift card and will not be charged the early cancellation charge tied to the card. All services need to be installed/activated within 30 days of order. Unloaded card will be mailed after customer maintains continuous subscription to the same eligible Bell services and account in good standing for 60 days following installation of all services. Within 30 days of receipt of the gift card, customer must register the card online at bellgiftcard.com to request loading of the amount. Allow 30 days for card to be loaded and ready to use. Gift card and use are subject to the Visa card program and its associated terms of use. One gift card per customer. Other conditions apply. Maximum quantity reached You’ve reached the maximum quantity allowed for this item. If you still need more, you can place another order after finishing this one, or you can call 1 888 466-2453. Back to main content About us About Bell Canada Bell Let's Talk Bell for Better Jobs@Bell Bell Media Customer resources Return policy Privacy Security Legal and regulatory Bell email Internet Code Wireless Code Community forum Track my order About us About Bell Canada Bell Let's Talk Bell for Better Jobs@Bell Bell Media Customer resources Return policy Privacy Security Legal and regulatory Bell email Internet Code Wireless Code Community forum Track my order Get in touch Contact us Find a store Book an appointment Accessibility centre Blog, Opens in new tab. Facebook, Opens in new tab. X, Opens in new tab. Instagram, Opens in new tab. LinkedIn, Opens in new tab. Youtube, Opens in new tab. Threads, Opens in new tab. © Bell Canada, 2024. All rights reserved. Site feedback Site map Our services Bell Canada Bell is Canada's largest communications company, providing consumers and business with solutions for all their communications needs. The leader in digital TV Bell Fibe TV, the best TV service, provides stunning 4K picture and high-fidelity sound. Using fibre optic technology, Bell Fibe TV brings the best TV experience right to your door – no dish required. The Bell Fibe TV app lets you access live TV and on-demand television content using your Bell Streamer or by downloading the Fibe TV app on Amazon Fire TV, Android TV, Apple TV or by Google Cast using your Google Chromecast. Bell Satellite TV provides a great variety of HD and 4K channels, the best receivers and the best image quality – making it the leader in digital satellite TV service in Canada. The latest cell phones, Mobile Internet devices, smartwatches and tablets Choose from the latest iPhone devices from Apple, Samsung devices, Google phones, tablets and other popular smartphones. Stay connected on the Bell 5G-capable network with blazing-fast speeds, coast-to-coast coverage and clear reception. Ultra-fast high-speed fibre home Internet Command the fastest upload speeds with Bell Fibe Internet on Canada’s largest fibre optic network. Bell's high-speed home Internet lets you share photos and videos with upload speeds of up to 940 Mbps and download speeds of up to 1.5 Gigabits per second. The most reliable home phone service If you are looking for reliable home phone services, Bell Home phone guarantees exceptional services at all times or you get your money back. Promotions and offers Looking for new products and services from Bell? See the latest Bell promotions and offers or visit a Bell store to learn more. Communications solutions for businesses As Canada's leading trusted technology advisor, Bell Canada delivers end-to-end solutions to our small and medium-sized business (SMB) customers, from business Internet to business Mobility services and long distance solutions. Bell Business Markets is committed to delivering the integrated solutions large organizations need to increase productivity, sustain profitable growth, maximize service differentiation and minimize risk in today's challenging environment. Close Email