Packages | Fibe Internet & Unlimited Internet Plans | Bell Canada Skip to main content Personal Business Small and Medium1 to 99 employees Large100+ employees Bell for Better Find a store Find a store Book an appointment Find a store Enter your address or postal code Filter store by In-store appointments Mobile devices for business + consumer Residential: Internet + TV + Phone Business: Internet + TV + Phone Mobile repairs Fibe TV live demo Bell Trade-in program Chinese Support華語服務 Hindi | Punjabi Support Find stores Accessibility Select province Ontario ON Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland And Labrador Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon FR Home Internet Log in / Register Back Cart Mobility SHOP MOBILITY Why Bell Mobility Our network Plans Phones and devices Connected things Internet SHOP INTERNET Why Fibe Internet Fibe Internet packages Wi-Fi Rural Internet Promotions TV SHOP TV Why Fibe TV Fibe TV packages Fibe TV app Satellite TV What's on Promotions Smart Home SHOP SMART HOME Why Bell Smart Home Packages Devices Home phone SHOP HOME PHONE Packages Long distance Calling features Bundles SHOP BUNDLES Popular bundles Build your own Promotions Promotions Support Personal Business Small and Medium1 to 99 employees Large100+ employees Bell for Better Find a store Book an appointment Accessibility AB BC MB NB NL NT NS NU ON PE QC SK YT FR Select this button and then dictate your search. Successful results will be displayed on a new page. Your shopping cart is empty Log in / Register Internet previous Why Bell Packages Wi-Fi Fibre Features Promotions next Dictate your search change selected close Your current region: Ontario Change current region Change Select your province or territory below Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland And Labrador Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon Your current region: Ontario change Select a region: Select your province or territory below Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland And Labrador Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon Fibe Internet Packages Check for services and offers available at your address. Check availability Do you need more time to make a selection? To prevent a timeout, please continue your session. Time left: 00:00 For your security, your session will expire shortly due to inactivity. Time left: 10 minutes Continue Session timeout Due to inactivity, your session has timed out. Start over Check availability of Bell Fibe TV Loading data. Please wait... See your personalized Internet offers Log into MyBell If you don’t have Bell Internet or are looking to add services at another address, check which services are available . See your personalized Internet offers Go to MyBell If you don’t have Bell Internet or are looking to add services at another address, check which services are available . Check availability Fibe Internet packages With packages to suit all your Internet needs, Bell delivers fast and reliable speeds to your doorstep with no long-term contracts. Learn more about our Internet technologies Fibre to the neighbourhood or to the home Bell offers two fast, fibre-powered Internet technologies. Depending on where you live, we either bring fibre right to your neighbourhood or, in a growing number of areas, straight to your home – the fastest Internet technology. Fibre to the neighbourhood 100 Mbps100 Mega bits per second Max download speedto your Home Hub 10 Mbps10 Mega bits per second 1 Max upload speedto your Home Hub Fibre to the home 3 Gbps3 Giga bits per second 2 Max download speedto your Giga Hub 3 Gbps3 Giga bits per second 2 Max upload speedto your Giga Hub Get an extra credit of $10/mo.* for 2 years on Fibe 150 or higher when paired with an eligible Mobility plan.3 PURE FIBRE Gigabit Fibe 3.0 3 GbpsGiga bits per second Footnote2Download speed up to 3 Gbps. Upload speed up to 3 Gbps. A wired connection or a combination of wireless and wired connections is required to obtain maximum speed. Max download speed to your hub 3 GbpsGiga bits per second Footnote2Download speed up to 3 Gbps. Upload speed up to 3 Gbps. A wired connection or a combination of wireless and wired connections is required to obtain maximum speed. Max upload speed to your hub Unlimited Monthly usage Giga Hub Wi-Fi 6E included Bonus: Enjoy a Bell Streamer on us. Use promo code STREAM. View details Enjoy a credit of $30/mo.30 dollars per month* for 2 years. Right now, pay just: $110.00/mo. 110 dollars per month Current price $140.00/mo. Prices may increase during subscription. *Credit earned at the end of full billing periods. Offer details $0 installation available.‡. Check availability View details PURE FIBRE Gigabit Fibe 1.5 1.5 GbpsGigabits per second Footnote4A wired connection and at least one additional wired or wireless connection are required to obtain total download speed. Max download speed to your hub 940 MbpsMega bits per second Footnote5Maximum speeds can only be obtained on a wired connection. Max upload speed to your hub Unlimited Monthly usage Giga Hub Wi-Fi 6E included Bonus: Enjoy a Bell Streamer on us. Use promo code STREAM. View details Enjoy a credit of $20/mo.20 dollars per month* for 2 years. Right now, pay just: $110.00/mo. 110 dollars per month Current price $130.00/mo. Prices may increase during subscription. *Credit earned at the end of full billing periods. Offer details $0 installation available.‡. Check availability View details PURE FIBRE Fibe 500 500 MbpsMega bits per second Max download speed to your hub 500 MbpsMega bits per second Max upload speed to your hub Unlimited Monthly usage Giga Hub Wi-Fi 6E included Bonus: Enjoy a Bell Streamer on us. Use promo code STREAM. View details Enjoy a credit of $30/mo.30 dollars per month* for 2 years. Right now, pay just: $95.00/mo. 95 dollars per month Current price $125.00/mo. Prices may increase during subscription. *Credit earned at the end of full billing periods. Offer details $0 installation available.‡. Check availability View details PURE FIBRE Fibe 150 150 MbpsMega bits per second Max download speed to your hub 150 MbpsMega bits per second Max upload speed to your hub Unlimited Monthly usage Giga Hub Wi-Fi 6E included Bonus: Enjoy a Bell Streamer on us. Use promo code STREAM. View details Enjoy a credit of $40/mo.40 dollars per month* for 2 years. Right now, pay just: $75.00/mo. 75 dollars per month Current price $115.00/mo. Prices may increase during subscription. *Credit earned at the end of full billing periods. Offer details $0 installation available.‡. Check availability View details PURE FIBRE Fibe 50 50 MbpsMega bits per second Max download speed to your hub 50 MbpsMega bits per second Max upload speed to your hub Unlimited Monthly usage Giga Hub Wi-Fi 6E included Bonus: Enjoy a Bell Streamer on us. Use promo code STREAM. View details Enjoy a credit of $30/mo.30 dollars per month* for 2 years. Right now, pay just: $55.00/mo. 55 dollars per month Current price $85.00/mo. Prices may increase during subscription. *Credit earned at the end of full billing periods. Offer details $0 installation available.‡. Check availability View details FIBRE POWERED Fibe Internet 10 MbpsMega bits per second Max download speed to your hub speed range speed most customers get 0.93 MbpsMega bits per second Max upload speed to your hub speed range speed most customers get 100 GBGigabyte Monthly usage Home Hub 3000 Wi-Fi included Bonus: Enjoy a Bell Streamer on us. Use promo code STREAM. View details Enjoy a credit of $5/mo.5 dollars per month* for 2 years. Right now, pay just: $55.00/mo. 55 dollars per month Current price $60.00/mo. Prices may increase during subscription. *Credit earned at the end of full billing periods. Offer details $0 installation available.‡. Check availability View details Gigabit Fibe 3.0 Also included in your package Bell Wi-Fi app Bell McAfee® Security - Good package Offer and pricing Gigabit Fibe 3.0 $140.00/mo. per month Monthly credit – 24 months -$30.00/mo. per month One-time modem rental fee $199.95 One-time modem rental fee credit -$199.95 Available to new residential customers, where access/technology permit. Subject to change without notice; not combinable with other offers. Taxes extra. Customer must opt to receive paperless billing. Modem rental included. Price is subject to increase during your subscription. Any change made to services may affect the price and/or result in the loss of credits or promotions, as the case may be, as eligibility conditions may vary. Speed experienced on the Internet may vary with your technical configuration, Internet traffic, server, your environment, simultaneous use of IPTV (if applicable) and other factors. Prices may increase during subscription. Subject to change without notice. Not combinable with other offers. Taxes extra. For certain offers, customers must opt to receive paperless billing. Credits apply to the first full 30-day billing period and for each full billing period after that, for the duration of the promotion. A billing period may not start on the day of subscription or installation of services. Price without credit will apply prior to the first full 30-day billing period or if services are terminated during a 30-day billing period. Any change made to services may affect the price and/or result in the loss of credits or promotions, as the case may be, as eligibility conditions may vary. Download speed up to 3 Gbps Gigabits per second. Upload speed up to 3 Gbps Gigabits per second. A wired connection or a combination of wireless and wired connections is required to obtain maximum speed. ‡ $0 for self-install or for professional install where self‑install is not available. $150 professional install fee applies if you decline self-install when available. Gigabit Fibe 1.5 Also included in your package Bell Wi-Fi app Bell Install Bell McAfee® Security - Good Package Offer and pricing Gigabit Fibe 1.5 $130.00/mo. per month Monthly credit – 24 months -$20.00/mo. per month One-time modem rental fee $199.95 One-time modem rental fee credit -$199.95 Available to new residential customers, where access/technology permit. Subject to change without notice; not combinable with other offers. Taxes extra. Customer must opt to receive paperless billing. Modem rental included. Price is subject to increase during your subscription. Any change made to services may affect the price and/or result in the loss of credits or promotions, as the case may be, as eligibility conditions may vary. Speed experienced on the Internet may vary with your technical configuration, Internet traffic, server, your environment, simultaneous use of IPTV (if applicable) and other factors. Prices may increase during subscription. Subject to change without notice. Not combinable with other offers. Taxes extra. For certain offers, customers must opt to receive paperless billing. Credits apply to the first full 30-day billing period and for each full billing period after that, for the duration of the promotion. A billing period may not start on the day of subscription or installation of services. Price without credit will apply prior to the first full 30-day billing period or if services are terminated during a 30-day billing period. Any change made to services may affect the price and/or result in the loss of credits or promotions, as the case may be, as eligibility conditions may vary. A wired connection and at least one additional wired or wireless connection are required to obtain total download speed. Maximum speeds can only be obtained on a wired connection. ‡ $0 for self-install or for professional install where self‑install is not available. $150 professional install fee applies if you decline self-install when available. Fibe 500 Also included in your package Bell Wi-Fi app Bell Install Bell McAfee® Security - Good Package Offer and pricing Fibe 500 $125.00/mo. per month Monthly credit – 24 months -$30.00/mo. per month One-time modem rental fee $199.95 One time modem rental credit -$199.95 Available to new residential customers, where access/technology permit. Subject to change without notice; not combinable with other offers. Taxes extra. Customer must opt to receive paperless billing. Modem rental included. Price is subject to increase during your subscription. Any change made to services may affect the price and/or result in the loss of credits or promotions, as the case may be, as eligibility conditions may vary. Speed experienced on the Internet may vary with your technical configuration, Internet traffic, server, your environment, simultaneous use of IPTV (if applicable) and other factors. Prices may increase during subscription. Subject to change without notice. Not combinable with other offers. Taxes extra. For certain offers, customers must opt to receive paperless billing. Credits apply to the first full 30-day billing period and for each full billing period after that, for the duration of the promotion. A billing period may not start on the day of subscription or installation of services. Price without credit will apply prior to the first full 30-day billing period or if services are terminated during a 30-day billing period. Any change made to services may affect the price and/or result in the loss of credits or promotions, as the case may be, as eligibility conditions may vary. ‡ $0 for self-install or for professional install where self‑install is not available. $150 professional install fee applies if you decline self-install when available. Fibe 150 Also included in your package Bell Wi-Fi app Bell Install Bell McAfee® Security - Good Package Offer and pricing Fibe 150 $115.00/mo. per month Monthly credit – 24 months -$40.00/mo. per month One-time modem rental fee $199.95 One time modem rental credit -$199.95 Available to new residential customers, where access/technology permit. Subject to change without notice; not combinable with other offers. Taxes extra. Customer must opt to receive paperless billing. Modem rental included. Price is subject to increase during your subscription. Any change made to services may affect the price and/or result in the loss of credits or promotions, as the case may be, as eligibility conditions may vary. Speed experienced on the Internet may vary with your technical configuration, Internet traffic, server, your environment, simultaneous use of IPTV (if applicable) and other factors. Prices may increase during subscription. Subject to change without notice. Not combinable with other offers. Taxes extra. For certain offers, customers must opt to receive paperless billing. Credits apply to the first full 30-day billing period and for each full billing period after that, for the duration of the promotion. A billing period may not start on the day of subscription or installation of services. Price without credit will apply prior to the first full 30-day billing period or if services are terminated during a 30-day billing period. Any change made to services may affect the price and/or result in the loss of credits or promotions, as the case may be, as eligibility conditions may vary. ‡ $0 for self-install or for professional install where self‑install is not available. $150 professional install fee applies if you decline self-install when available. Fibe 50 Also included in your package Bell Wi-Fi app Bell Install Bell McAfee® Security - Good Package Offer and pricing Fibe 50 $85.00/mo. per month Monthly credit – 24 months -$30.00/mo. per month One time modem rental fee $199.95 One-time modem rental fee credit -$199.95 Available to new residential customers, where access/technology permit. Subject to change without notice; not combinable with other offers. Taxes extra. Customer must opt to receive paperless billing. Modem rental included. Price is subject to increase during your subscription. Any change made to services may affect the price and/or result in the loss of credits or promotions, as the case may be, as eligibility conditions may vary. Speed experienced on the Internet may vary with your technical configuration, Internet traffic, server, your environment, simultaneous use of IPTV (if applicable) and other factors. Prices may increase during subscription. Subject to change without notice. Not combinable with other offers. Taxes extra. For certain offers, customers must opt to receive paperless billing. Credits apply to the first full 30-day billing period and for each full billing period after that, for the duration of the promotion. A billing period may not start on the day of subscription or installation of services. Price without credit will apply prior to the first full 30-day billing period or if services are terminated during a 30-day billing period. Any change made to services may affect the price and/or result in the loss of credits or promotions, as the case may be, as eligibility conditions may vary. Download access speed: 50 Mbps. Upload access speed will vary depending on the distance between your modem and switching equipment from Bell: min. 0.9 Mbps and max. 10 Mbps. Speeds on the Internet may vary with your configuration, Internet traffic, server, environmental conditions, simultaneous use of Fibe TV (if applicable) or other factors. Conditions apply; see bell.ca/fullinstall.bell.ca/fullinstall. ‡ $0 for self-install or for professional install where self‑install is not available. $150 professional install fee applies if you decline self-install when available. Fibe Internet Also included in your package Bell Wi-Fi app Bell Install Bell McAfee® Security - Good Package Speeds to your Home Hub Min Most get Max Download 5 Mbps 6.8 Mbps 10 Mbps Upload 0.68 Mbps 0.68 Mbps 0.93 Mbps Offer and pricing Fibe Internet $60.00/mo. per month Monthly credit – 24 months -$5.00/mo. per month One time modem rental fee $199.95 One-time modem rental fee credit -$199.95 Available to new residential customers, where access/technology permit. Subject to change without notice; not combinable with other offers. Taxes extra. Customer must opt to receive paperless billing. Modem rental included. Price is subject to increase during your subscription. Any change made to services may affect the price and/or result in the loss of credits or promotions, as the case may be, as eligibility conditions may vary. Upload access speed varies depending on the distance between the customer’s modem and switching equipment from Bell. Speed experienced on the Internet may vary with your technical configuration, Internet traffic, server, your environment, simultaneous use of IPTV (if applicable) and other factors. Usage 100 GB/mo.; $4.00/additional GB; max. $100/mo.$100 per month ‡ $0 for self-install or for professional install where self‑install is not available. $150 professional install fee applies if you decline self-install when available. Order now To order Wireless Home Internet, call us at 1 866 210-7060. Close Order now To order Wireless Home Internet, call us at 1 866 857-2386. Close Close Package Detail Modal How Internet speeds work The maximum Internet speed you select will be delivered to the Giga Hub or Home Hub, included with every Bell Internet service. Connect multiple devices to the internet simultaneously, either through Wi-Fi or a wired connection. By selecting a higher speed, you ensure more of your devices can connect at faster speeds. When connected to Wi-Fi, most devices today can reach speeds between 150 and 350 MbpsMega bits per second. The actual speed reached will depend on each device’s capabilities, as well as the number of devices connected at the same time. Wi-Fi speeds can also be impacted by other factors, such as the size of your home. Our Wi-Fi Pods can enhance your experience by providing coverage in every room. Learn more Offer details (‡) $0 for self-install or for professional install where self-install is not available. $150 professional install fee applies if you decline self-install when available. Upload access speed varies depending on the distance between the customer’s modem and switching equipment from Bell: min. 2 Mbps and max. 10 Mbps. Download speed up to 3 Gbps Gigabits per second. Upload speed up to 3 Gbps Gigabits per second. A wired connection or a combination of wireless and wired connections is required to obtain maximum speed. Available to new residential customers who continuously subscribe to eligible Fibe Internet packages with speeds of 150 Mbps or higher (excludes Connected Families program) and Mobility services with a min. $25/mo. 2-year rate plan (excludes Tablets, Small Business, EPP Plans, Hardware Upgrade, Prepaid and Bell MTS Wireless) in Ontario, where access/technology permits. Subject to change without notice; not combinable with other offers. Taxes extra. Customer must consolidate their services at one address and in One Bill. Prices may increase during your subscription. Price without credits is charged for any partial billing periods. One credit per Internet account. Any change made to services may affect the price and/or result in the loss of credits or promotions. A wired connection and at least one additional wired or wireless connection are required to obtain total download speed. Maximum speeds can only be obtained on a wired connection. Fibe and Fibe TV App are trademarks of Bell Canada. Crave and all associated logos are trademarks of Bell Media Inc. All rights reserved. Discover great offers. Switch to pure fibre Internet and Fibe TV, starting from $105/mo. Learn more Internet + TV app Do more. Watch more. $65.00/mo. 65.00 per month Bonus: get a Bell Streamer, included with the Fibe TV app on a 6-month term. Learn more More ways to shop Chat Live Call us at 1 877 560-8705 Book an appointment Find a store Appointment options At a store Meet with a representative to learn more about our latest products, services and offerings. Book an appointment Have us call you now Skip the waiting time and get the next available representative to call you now. Have us call you now Over the phone Have a Bell representative call you at the time of your choosing. Request a call back Additional details Close modal Back to main content About us About Bell Canada Bell Let's Talk Bell for Better Jobs@Bell Bell Media Customer resources Return policy Privacy Security Legal and regulatory Bell email Internet Code Wireless Code Community forum Track my order About us About Bell Canada Bell Let's Talk Bell for Better Jobs@Bell Bell Media Customer resources Return policy Privacy Security Legal and regulatory Bell email Internet Code Wireless Code Community forum Track my order Get in touch Contact us Find a store Book an appointment Accessibility centre © Bell Canada, 2024. All rights reserved. | Site feedback | Site map My Account Fibe TV, Internet and Home phone Register for My Account (Bell Aliant) Manage your Bell Aliant Fibe TV, Internet, Home phone and Home security services My account details My profile Log out from My Account MyBell Register for MyBell (Log in to MyBell) Manage your Bell Satellite TV and Mobility services My services My bills and payments My profile Log out from MyBell Our services Bell Canada Bell is Canada's largest communications company, providing consumers and business with solutions for all their communications needs. The leader in digital TV Bell Fibe TV, the best TV service, provides stunning 4K picture and high-fidelity sound. Using fibre optic technology, Bell Fibe TV brings the best TV experience right to your door – no dish required. The Bell Fibe TV app lets you access live TV and on-demand television content using your Bell Streamer or by downloading the Fibe TV app on Amazon Fire TV, Android TV, Apple TV or by Google Cast using your Google Chromecast. Bell Satellite TV provides a great variety of HD and 4K channels, the best receivers and the best image quality – making it the leader in digital satellite TV service in Canada. The latest cell phones, Mobile Internet devices, smartwatches and tablets Choose from the latest iPhone devices from Apple, Samsung devices, Google phones, tablets and other popular smartphones. Stay connected on the Bell 5G-capable network with blazing-fast speeds, coast-to-coast coverage and clear reception. Ultra-fast high-speed fibre home Internet Command the fastest upload speeds with Bell Fibe Internet on Canada’s largest fibre optic network. Bell's high-speed home Internet lets you share photos and videos with upload speeds of up to 940 Mbps and download speeds of up to 1.5 Gigabits per second. The most reliable home phone service If you are looking for reliable home phone services, Bell Home phone guarantees exceptional services at all times or you get your money back. Promotions and offers Looking for new products and services from Bell? See the latest Bell promotions and offers or visit a Bell store to learn more. Communications solutions for businesses As Canada's leading trusted technology advisor, Bell Canada delivers end-to-end solutions to our small and medium-sized business (SMB) customers, from business Internet to business Mobility services and long distance solutions. Bell Business Markets is committed to delivering the integrated solutions large organizations need to increase productivity, sustain profitable growth, maximize service differentiation and minimize risk in today's challenging environment. Close Your browser does not support HTML5 video. Shipping options Get your order in as little as 2 hours In-Store Pick-Up Pick up your order at a store near you in as little as 2 hours. $0.00 Same-Day/Next-Day Delivery At your door the same day or next day. $15.00 Standard shipping At your door within 2–5 business days. $0.00 Select your preferred shipping option at checkout. (Note:) *Shipping options are subject to eligibility and stock availability of all items in your cart.