Home Internet | High-Speed Fibre Internet | Bell Canada Skip to main content Personal Business Small and Medium1 to 99 employees Large100+ employees Bell for Better Find a store Find a store Book an appointment Find a store Enter your address or postal code Filter store by In-store appointments Mobile devices for business + consumer Residential: Internet + TV + Phone Business: Internet + TV + Phone Mobile repairs Fibe TV live demo Bell Trade-in program Chinese Support華語服務 Hindi | Punjabi Support Find stores Accessibility Select province Ontario ON Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland And Labrador Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon FR Home Internet Log in / Register Back Cart Mobility SHOP MOBILITY Why Bell Mobility Our network Plans Phones and devices Connected things Internet SHOP INTERNET Why Fibe Internet Fibe Internet packages Wi-Fi Rural Internet Promotions TV SHOP TV Why Fibe TV Fibe TV packages Fibe TV app Satellite TV What's on Promotions Smart Home SHOP SMART HOME Why Bell Smart Home Packages Devices Home phone SHOP HOME PHONE Packages Long distance Calling features Bundles SHOP BUNDLES Popular bundles Build your own Promotions Promotions Support Personal Business Small and Medium1 to 99 employees Large100+ employees Bell for Better Find a store Book an appointment Accessibility AB BC MB NB NL NT NS NU ON PE QC SK YT FR Select this button and then dictate your search. Successful results will be displayed on a new page. Your shopping cart is empty Log in / Register Internet previous Why Bell Packages Wi-Fi Fibre Features Promotions next Dictate your search change selected close Your current region: Ontario Change current region Change Select your province or territory below Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland And Labrador Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon Your current region: Ontario change Select a region: Select your province or territory below Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland And Labrador Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon High-speed pure fibre Internet Home Internet See if fibre to the home is available at your address. Check availability Do you need more time to make a selection? To prevent a timeout, please continue your session. Time left: 00:00 For your security, your session will expire shortly due to inactivity. Time left: 10 minutes Continue Session timeout Due to inactivity, your session has timed out. Start over Check availability of Bell Fibe TV Loading data. Please wait... Canada’s fastest Internet and Wi-Fi.1 Pure fibre Internet, up to 2x faster than cable.2 With 100% pure fibre Internet straight to your home, enjoy total speeds of up to 6 Gbps. Pure fibre technology Cable technology Download speed 3 Gbps 1.5 Gbps Upload speed 3 Gbps 50 Mbps Download speed Pure fibre technology 3 Gbps Cable technology 1.5 Gbps Upload speed Pure fibre technology 3 Gbps Cable technology 50 Mbps Pure fibre Internet total speeds make everything faster. Downloading the latest game Uploading a dance video on social media Video calling your friends Sharing a large file for work Fastest Wi-Fi Pure fibre Internet is ranked the fastest Wi-Fi in the country. Our Giga Hub with Wi-Fi 6E offers the latest and best Wi Fi technology on the market. Learn more Most awarded Internet service provider. Pure fibre Internet has been awarded fastest Internet in Canada1 and ranked fastest Wi-Fi in the country in Ookla’s Q3–Q4 2023 Speedtest Awards report. In addition to winning PCMag3 best ISPs 2023 Canada and Brandspark’s most trusted ISP4, this makes Bell Canada’s most awarded Internet service provider. More reasons to choose Bell Bell Wi-Fi app An app to easily manage your home network. Pause Internet access, quickly share your Wi-Fi with guests, run speed tests and much more. Learn more Wall-to-wall Wi-Fi Add Wi-Fi pods for $5/mo. each to enhance coverage throughout your home. Learn more Future-proof technology With pure fibre Internet, you can count on a service that will keep getting faster and that is ready for the advancements of tomorrow. Switch to pure fibre Internet today. Canada’s fastest Internet and Wi-Fi1, starting from $55/mo. View all packages Switch to pure fibre Internet and Fibe TV, starting from $105/mo. Learn more Interested in Bell Mobility? Learn more about Canada’s best 5G network.5 Additional details Based on analysis by Ookla® of Speedtest Intelligence® data. Fixed and Wi-Fi nationally aggregated Speed Score results for Q3–Q4 2023. Ookla trademarks used under licence and reprinted with permission. Based on Bell’s download speed of up to 3 Gbps compared to Rogers’ cable maximum download speed of up to 1.5 Gbps. As ranked by PCMag Best Broadband Internet Service Providers for 2023: Canada. Speeds are based on 331,078 PCMag Speed Test results from Canadian ISP users received between June 1, 2022, to June 27, 2023. A trademark of Ziff Davis, LLC. Used under licence. Reprinted with permission. © 2023 Ziff Davis, LLC. All rights reserved. Voted most trusted High Speed Internet Provider brand by Canadian shoppers based on the 2023 BrandSpark® Canadian Trust Study. Based on 3 lines with 50 GB for $95/mo. on 2-year terms. Average price per line calculated over 24 months. Bill credit of $25/mo. on 2nd & 3rd lines for 24 months. Beyond shared 150 GB, speeds are up to 512 Kbps. One-time Connection Service Fee ($50) applies to each line. Fibe is a trademark of Bell Canada. Disney’s Frozen 2 ©2020 DISNEY More ways to shop Chat Live Call us at 1 866 676-1953 Book an appointment Find a store Appointment options At a store Meet with a representative to learn more about our latest products, services and offerings. Book an appointment Have us call you now Skip the waiting time and get the next available representative to call you now. Have us call you now Over the phone Have a Bell representative call you at the time of your choosing. Request a call back Bell is proud to participate in Operation High Speed to support the deployment of high-speed Internet services across Québec. Enter your address below to see if you can enjoy high-speed Internet today. If not, it will be coming to your area soon so check back regularly. Check availability Fibre to the neighbourhood or to the home To the neighbourhood 100 Mbps Max download speedto your Home Hub 10 Mbps2 Max upload speedto your Home Hub To the home 1.5 Gbps1 Max download speedto your Home Hub 940 Mbps3 Max upload speedto your Home Hub Additional details Close modal Back to main content About us About Bell Canada Bell Let's Talk Bell for Better Jobs@Bell Bell Media Customer resources Return policy Privacy Security Legal and regulatory Bell email Internet Code Wireless Code Community forum Track my order About us About Bell Canada Bell Let's Talk Bell for Better Jobs@Bell Bell Media Customer resources Return policy Privacy Security Legal and regulatory Bell email Internet Code Wireless Code Community forum Track my order Get in touch Contact us Find a store Book an appointment Accessibility centre © Bell Canada, 2024. All rights reserved. | Site feedback | Site map My Account Fibe TV, Internet and Home phone Register for My Account (Bell Aliant) Manage your Bell Aliant Fibe TV, Internet, Home phone and Home security services My account details My profile Log out from My Account MyBell Register for MyBell (Log in to MyBell) Manage your Bell Satellite TV and Mobility services My services My bills and payments My profile Log out from MyBell Our services Bell Canada Bell is Canada's largest communications company, providing consumers and business with solutions for all their communications needs. The leader in digital TV Bell Fibe TV, the best TV service, provides stunning 4K picture and high-fidelity sound. Using fibre optic technology, Bell Fibe TV brings the best TV experience right to your door – no dish required. The Bell Fibe TV app lets you access live TV and on-demand television content using your Bell Streamer or by downloading the Fibe TV app on Amazon Fire TV, Android TV, Apple TV or by Google Cast using your Google Chromecast. Bell Satellite TV provides a great variety of HD and 4K channels, the best receivers and the best image quality – making it the leader in digital satellite TV service in Canada. The latest cell phones, Mobile Internet devices, smartwatches and tablets Choose from the latest iPhone devices from Apple, Samsung devices, Google phones, tablets and other popular smartphones. Stay connected on the Bell 5G-capable network with blazing-fast speeds, coast-to-coast coverage and clear reception. Ultra-fast high-speed fibre home Internet Command the fastest upload speeds with Bell Fibe Internet on Canada’s largest fibre optic network. Bell's high-speed home Internet lets you share photos and videos with upload speeds of up to 940 Mbps and download speeds of up to 1.5 Gigabits per second. The most reliable home phone service If you are looking for reliable home phone services, Bell Home phone guarantees exceptional services at all times or you get your money back. Promotions and offers Looking for new products and services from Bell? See the latest Bell promotions and offers or visit a Bell store to learn more. Communications solutions for businesses As Canada's leading trusted technology advisor, Bell Canada delivers end-to-end solutions to our small and medium-sized business (SMB) customers, from business Internet to business Mobility services and long distance solutions. Bell Business Markets is committed to delivering the integrated solutions large organizations need to increase productivity, sustain profitable growth, maximize service differentiation and minimize risk in today's challenging environment. Close Your browser does not support HTML5 video. Shipping options Get your order in as little as 2 hours In-Store Pick-Up Pick up your order at a store near you in as little as 2 hours. $0.00 Same-Day/Next-Day Delivery At your door the same day or next day. $15.00 Standard shipping At your door within 2–5 business days. $0.00 Select your preferred shipping option at checkout. (Note:) *Shipping options are subject to eligibility and stock availability of all items in your cart.