Rogers Preferred Program – Corporate Discounts for Employees - Rogers Please enable JavaScript to continue using this application. Enjoy exclusive savings Rogers Preferred Program Save up to $20 off per month on select Rogers Infinite plans and get amazing deals on the hottest devices. Plus, make the switch to Rogers online and save $60 on the Service Setup Fee. Check your eligibility Reasons to choose the Rogers Preferred Program It’s more than just preferred plan rates. Enjoy these amazing benefits when you sign up! Unlimited data plans With no data overage charges, you can stream the video, music and content you want. Affordable devices Your favourite devices and accessories at prices you’ll love. 5G access Experience the Rogers 5G network**. All you need is a 5G device with a Rogers data plan in an area with 5G coverage. Personalized service We can help manage your account, including choosing the right plan and device for your needs. Looking to add plans for different lifestyles? Discover specialized plans and offers for adults 55+, newcomers, students and parents of kids and teens. Learn more FAQs What is the Rogers Preferred Program, and how does it work? The Rogers Preferred Program (RPP) is our corporate discount program for employees of select companies and member organizations. If your employer is one of our corporate partners, you may be eligible for exclusive offers on phone plans, smartphones, accessories and more! How do I find out if my workplace is eligible for special offers through RPP? Visit www.rogers.com/preferred, click ‘request a passcode’ and enter your corporate email address to see if you are eligible. If your organization is not listed, you can also contact us at 1 866-656-8690 to find out. Where will my Rogers Preferred Program monthly Discount appear? Your monthly discount will appear only on your monthly bill, and not on your MyRogers account details page online, on the app or your confirmation email. What can I do if I don’t have a corporate e-mail address? Visit a Rogers store or an authorized Rogers dealer associated with your company’s employee discount program. Additional forms of proof of employment may be required, such as your employee ID or payslip along with your photo ID. What can I do if I am told I am not eligible? You can still check out other great phone offers from Rogers! Visit our promotions page or call us at 1-888-764-3771 (1-888-ROGERS1) to learn more about our great phone deals. Can I bring my number over from a different phone service provider? Yes, you can transfer your number to Rogers! Just call 1 866-656-8690 to get started. I already have a phone number with Rogers. Can I bring my personal number over to this program? Yes, you can bring your current number over to this corporate discount program. If you are an existing wireless customer on a term contract and are at least 181 days into your term, you will be charged a one-time Preferred Program Enrolment fee of $50. I am already a Rogers Preferred Program customer. How can I update my service to get the latest offers? You can visit your local Rogers store or an authorized Rogers dealer, or you can call us at 1 866-656-8690. How do I contact you if I want more information? You can call us at 1 866-656-8690 or visit our contact page. Get your plan Live Chat 1-844-843-8022 Find a store See full details A Setup Service Fee of $60 applies to setup your device and related services. Taxes extra. Valid proof of employment required to get your offer; Rogers reserves the right to request proof of employment from each Individually Paid Employee at any time. A one-time Preferred Program Enrolment fee of $60 may apply for existing customers. Existing customers with 6 months or less tenure on their term plan are not eligible to receive this discount. This offer cannot be combined with any other consumer promotions and/or discounts unless made eligible by Rogers. Greater Toronto Area: Service available Monday-Saturday from 8am to 8pm and on Sunday from 10am to 8pm (excluding statutory holidays) unless otherwise specified. Appointment times are subject to Rogers Pro appointment availability. Ottawa & southwestern Ontario: The service is available 7 days a week from 10:00 a.m. to 8:00 p.m. (excluding statutory holidays) unless otherwise specified. Appointment times are subject to Rogers Pro appointment availability. Rogers was ranked first in the umlaut Mobile Data Performance audit in Q2, 2021. Rogers achieved Best In Test in the umlaut Mobile Network Benchmark Canada for 2021. Visit https://www.umlaut.com/en/benchmarking/canada. Largest based on total square kilometers of Rogers 5G coverage compared to published coverage of other national networks. Financing: 0% APR on approved credit with a financing agreement (FA) and a Rogers Infinite plan. A down payment may be required based on our evaluation of your credit. FA based on full price plus applicable taxes (excluding promo credits, if applicable, which are applied monthly on your bill for as long as your FA is in place); if your FA is terminated and or if your wireless plan is cancelled your outstanding financing balance becomes due, subject to any applicable adjustments to reduce your balance. The promo credit (if applicable) will end in both cases. Upfront Edge: Program consists of purchase of eligible phone on Rogers Infinite plans with financing; Upfront Edge amount is applied after taxes to lower monthly financing program payments. You must return phone in good working condition (must power up to the home screen, accept a charge, and have the ability to perform a factory reset; LCD/touchscreen must be functioning and cannot have any dark spots and/or blemishes and there cannot be any physical damage to a device such as cracks in the body of the device or broken and/or cracked LCD/touchscreen and/or back glass; all accounts and passwords must be removed and/or turned off; device cannot have been reported lost or stolen) during month 24 (or in months 2-24 while upgrading to a new phone with financing), otherwise Upfront Edge Amount will be charged to your account. Cancelling your services during your 2-year Upfront Edge term will result in charging of Upfront Edge Amount, in addition to your outstanding financing balance, subject to any applicable adjustments to reduce your balance. Accessory financing: Total purchase must be between $100-$500 before tax. Maximum 5 accessory financing agreements. 0% APR on approved credit, a Rogers Wireless postpaid plan, and an accessory Financing Agreement. Accessory Financing Agreement based on retail price, minus any discounts, plus applicable taxes. If your Accessory Financing Agreement is terminated or your wireless plan is cancelled, the outstanding accessory financing balance becomes due. undefined