Connected Things | Mobility | Bell Canada Skip to main content Personal Business Small and Medium1 to 99 employees Large100+ employees Bell for Better Find a store Find a store Book an appointment Find a store Enter your address or postal code Filter store by In-store appointments Mobile devices for business + consumer Residential: Internet + TV + Phone Business: Internet + TV + Phone Mobile repairs Fibe TV live demo Bell Trade-in program Chinese Support華語服務 Hindi | Punjabi Support Find stores Accessibility Select province Ontario ON Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland And Labrador Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon FR Home Mobility Log in / Register Back Cart Mobility SHOP MOBILITY Why Bell Mobility Our network Plans Phones and devices Connected things Internet SHOP INTERNET Why Fibe Internet Fibe Internet packages Wi-Fi Rural Internet Promotions TV SHOP TV Why Fibe TV Fibe TV packages Fibe TV app Satellite TV What's on Promotions Smart Home SHOP SMART HOME Why Bell Smart Home Packages Devices Home phone SHOP HOME PHONE Packages Long distance Calling features Bundles SHOP BUNDLES Popular bundles Build your own Promotions Promotions Support Personal Business Small and Medium1 to 99 employees Large100+ employees Bell for Better Find a store Book an appointment Accessibility AB BC MB NB NL NT NS NU ON PE QC SK YT FR Select this button and then dictate your search. Successful results will be displayed on a new page. Your shopping cart is empty Log in / Register Mobility previous Why Bell Our network Devices Bring your own phone Plans Prepaid Accessories Connected things Promotions Travel next Dictate your search change selected close Your current region: Ontario Change current region Change Select your province or territory below Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland And Labrador Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon Your current region: Ontario change Select a region: Select your province or territory below Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland And Labrador Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon Connected Things Save up to 50% on a new Samsung watch. With purchase of select Samsung phones in-store.1 Find a store Over 24 months with Bell SmartPay™ on an eligible 2-year plan. Compared to our device full price. Overview Smartwatches Trackers Connected home Virtual Reality Smartwatches Receive calls and text messages on your smartwatch by pairing it with your smartphone. Plus, reach your health and fitness goals with built-in fitness tracking. Discover smartwatches Bell Connected Car Enjoy in-car Wi-Fi with Bell Connected Car featuring our Built-in LTE solution or Plug-in connectivity. Discover Bell Connected Car Trackers Find lost items quickly and easily. Attach a wireless tracker to almost anything – your keys, your wallet or even your pet – and find it in seconds using an app on your phone. Discover tracking items Connected home Enjoy the security and convenience of a connected home that you can control right from your phone. From security cameras, locks and doorbells, to thermostats and light switches – connected home devices will make everyday life easier. Discover connected home items Lifestyle Do more with your device by connecting it to a variety of fun and functional items, like speakers, earbuds and more. Discover lifestyle items Virtual reality Experience movies, games and more in a whole new way. VR headsets offer immersive 360° views and are designed for long-wearing comfort. Discover virtual reality items Bell has a rate plan to suit your needs. Connect your tablet, laptop, smartwatch, tracker and more. Enjoy unlimited data from $5/mo. View plans Details † Rankings are based on the Tutela crowd-sourced data collection across the entirety of Canada for "Average Downlink Throughput", data collection period for the report August 1, 2018 to January 31, 2019. Data collected from ~175,000 daily unique smartphone users in Canada when the smartphone is in the coverage area of the respective network. Your experiences may vary. Tutela reports are prepared independently by Tutela. Visit tutela.com for details. Current as of January 24, 2024. Savings consist of a bonus credit when you purchase a Samsung Galaxy Watch 6, Watch 6 Classic or Watch 5 Pro with a Samsung Galaxy S24 Series, S23 Series, Fold4 or Fold5, Flip4 or Flip5, Galaxy S21 FE or Galaxy S23 FE phone with Bell SmartPay™ on an eligible 2-year plan. Savings applied over 24 months. More ways to shop Find a store Call us at 1-888-466-2453 Book an appointment Appointment options At a store Meet with a representative to learn more about our latest products, services and offerings. Book an appointment Have us call you now Skip the waiting time and get the next available representative to call you now. Have us call you now Over the phone Have a Bell representative call you at the time of your choosing. Request a call back Additional details Close modal Back to main content Popular pages Cell Phones and Smartphones Samsung Phones Smartwatches Apple Watch Series 3 FAQs Connected Home Accessories Bring Your Own Phone Plans About us About Bell Canada Bell Let's Talk Bell for Better Jobs@Bell Bell Media Customer resources Return policy Privacy Security Legal and regulatory Bell email Internet Code Wireless Code Community forum Track my order About us About Bell Canada Bell Let's Talk Bell for Better Jobs@Bell Bell Media Customer resources Return policy Privacy Security Legal and regulatory Bell email Internet Code Wireless Code Community forum Track my order Get in touch Contact us Find a store Book an appointment Accessibility centre © Bell Canada, 2024. All rights reserved. | Site feedback | Site map My Account Fibe TV, Internet and Home phone Register for My Account (Bell Aliant) Manage your Bell Aliant Fibe TV, Internet, Home phone and Home security services My account details My profile Log out from My Account MyBell Register for MyBell (Log in to MyBell) Manage your Bell Satellite TV and Mobility services My services My bills and payments My profile Log out from MyBell Our services Bell Canada Bell is Canada's largest communications company, providing consumers and business with solutions for all their communications needs. The leader in digital TV Bell Fibe TV, the best TV service, provides stunning 4K picture and high-fidelity sound. Using fibre optic technology, Bell Fibe TV brings the best TV experience right to your door – no dish required. The Bell Fibe TV app lets you access live TV and on-demand television content using your Bell Streamer or by downloading the Fibe TV app on Amazon Fire TV, Android TV, Apple TV or by Google Cast using your Google Chromecast. Bell Satellite TV provides a great variety of HD and 4K channels, the best receivers and the best image quality – making it the leader in digital satellite TV service in Canada. The latest cell phones, Mobile Internet devices, smartwatches and tablets Choose from the latest iPhone devices from Apple, Samsung devices, Google phones, tablets and other popular smartphones. Stay connected on the Bell 5G-capable network with blazing-fast speeds, coast-to-coast coverage and clear reception. Ultra-fast high-speed fibre home Internet Command the fastest upload speeds with Bell Fibe Internet on Canada’s largest fibre optic network. Bell's high-speed home Internet lets you share photos and videos with upload speeds of up to 940 Mbps and download speeds of up to 1.5 Gigabits per second. The most reliable home phone service If you are looking for reliable home phone services, Bell Home phone guarantees exceptional services at all times or you get your money back. Promotions and offers Looking for new products and services from Bell? See the latest Bell promotions and offers or visit a Bell store to learn more. Communications solutions for businesses As Canada's leading trusted technology advisor, Bell Canada delivers end-to-end solutions to our small and medium-sized business (SMB) customers, from business Internet to business Mobility services and long distance solutions. Bell Business Markets is committed to delivering the integrated solutions large organizations need to increase productivity, sustain profitable growth, maximize service differentiation and minimize risk in today's challenging environment. Close Your browser does not support HTML5 video. Shipping options Get your order in as little as 2 hours In-Store Pick-Up Pick up your order at a store near you in as little as 2 hours. $0.00 Same-Day/Next-Day Delivery At your door the same day or next day. $15.00 Standard shipping At your door within 2–5 business days. $0.00 Select your preferred shipping option at checkout. (Note:) *Shipping options are subject to eligibility and stock availability of all items in your cart.